         Contact: Andrew Jacob 
andrew.jacob@capita.co.uk / (0) 7557 202 942
Capita Novus

PROFILE SUMMARY	

Poojan has taken the time to volunteer with Cancer Research UK using own initiative to Design and Build IT solutions that have increased productivity for the clinical trials unit. Seeing his project put to use has provide Poojan with much joy and has motivated him to learn more and keep his skills up to date. Poojan has a wide range of experience in a number of fields which has allowed him to grow as a person and he now looks forward to beginning his career as a software developer.

PREVIOUS ENGAGEMENTS
Capita IT Professional Services
Software Engineer
June 2016 - Present

Capita’s intensive programme covers both theoretical and practical aspects of software development. As well as engaging with real projects to prove the skills acquired, the programme equips the individual with the skill sets required in programming techniques for desktop and web applications, database connectivity and querying, and HTML, CSS and JavaScript web development.

Your account manager can provide a full course outline if requested. 

Royal Mail, Greenford
Mail Sorter
December 2014- August 2015		

Poojan worked within a team to ensure the mail was sorted before the cut of period, with ability to deal with repetitive tasks quickly and efficiently within a team.

Hydro Water Well (Kenya) Ltd, Kenya
Procurement Manager
January 2014 - March 2014

Poojan maintained stock levels with future projects in mind. He monitored suppliers’ performance and kept all supplier programs current and accurate. He also monitored and adjusted the sourcing strategies, and promoted best practice across the company, so that there was an adequate stock level. Poojan initially had problems ensuring that he had enough space for incoming supplies, which he was able to resolve by communicating better with the onsite teams to reduce stock kept in the warehouse.



Pisu & Co (Kenya), Kenya 
IT Manager
August 2013- January 2014
		
Poojan supported 30 users in a medium sized company, where he strengthened the IT infrastructure through to implementing new technologies. Responsible for hardware and software installation, maintenance and repair. Reported recommendations and implemented improvements and efficiencies to the Director and Chief Executive. He performed routine audits of systems and software and managed the IT budgets. Managed the backup routines of the server software and associated backup.  Maintaining documentation of changes regarding users, functions & systems.

Technologies Used:
Windows Server 2012 & 2008
SAP Business one
Google apps support
IT & network maintenance

Hydro Water Well (Kenya) Ltd, Kenya 
Procurement Manager
June 2012- August 2013


Poojan maintained stock levels with future projects in mind. He monitored suppliers’ performance and kept all supplier programs current and accurate. He also monitored and adjusted the sourcing strategies, and promoted best practice across the company, so that there was an adequate stock level. Poojan initially had problems ensuring that He had enough space for incoming supplies, which he was able to resolve by communicating better with the onsite teams to reduce stock kept in the warehouse.


Spring Project, London
IT Support
March 2012- June 2012

Maintained the computers and the server ensuring that everything ran smoothly, with regular system and software audits.  Maintained documents of changes regarding users, functions & systems.

Bathroom Cash and Carry, Wembley 
Website Manager
October 2011- December 2011

Poojan Uploaded content and communicate changes required to developer team.

Ealing Equality Council, Ealing 
Website Manager
July 2011- September 2011		
				
Poojan created the website within a month, using HTML5 and CSS3 via a Joomla, , He spoke to all of the stakeholders involved to ensure the website was a good reflection of the organisation. He Spoke to directors to ensure that it was done correctly.

Cancer Research UK, Wolfson Institute, London
Junior Software Developer (Volunteer)
August 2009- April 2010	
		
The Department had a problem with managing information about all studies, completed and ongoing. The information stored was not used to its full potential. There is also a risk, that should a member of staff leave the department, knowledge about datasets; especially older ones, would be lost.
He designed and built an intranet application with oracle application express. The application was developed with the agile methodology as it allowed the client to provide feedback while it was developed.
It was designed to store so that the relevant information for the trail could be looked up. They like the application and enjoyed using it.

Developed an intranet application with Oracle Application Express & Oracle Database 11g.
Acquired and analysed client and user requirements. 
Website Development & Maintenance.
Testing software in a wide range of scenarios and is defect free.
Documenting project specifications, program code and.
Create users and maintenance manuals.

Cancer Research UK, Wolfson Institute, London
Junior Software Developer (Volunteer)
August 2008- August 2008

Created MS Access basic applications
Website Development & Maintenance that used PHP and JavaScript.

Cancer Research UK, Wolfson Institute, London
Junior Software Developer (Volunteer)
July 2006- September 2006

As a Volunteer he helped in digitizing documents, so that they would be able to find them more easily rather than going to look up the boxes of each files in storage.   


EDUCATION

University of Hertfordshire, Hatfield
BSc Hons Computer Science – 2:2
September 2010- August 2011

Core Modules:			Further Object-Oriented Development
				Programming Language Design & Implementation
Advance Database
Professional Issues in Computing
Languages & Technologies:	Java, MySQL, SQLite

Final Year Project:		Analytically and empirically research, language features for developing web applications.

University of Hertfordshire, Hatfield
Foundation Degree in IT for Multimedia - Commendation 
September 2008- August 2010

Core Modules:			Object Oriented Programming
				Applied Programing
				Human Computer Interaction
				Work Based Learning Project
Languages & Technologies:	Java, VB.NET, Oracle Application Express

West Herts. College, Watford 
September 2006- August 2008

				BTEC National IT Practitioners – MPP 

Stanmore Sixth Form College, Stanmore
September 2005- August 2006

				BTEC first diploma in Business – Merit


Hatch end High School, Hatch end
September 2001- August 2005

				Five GCSE’s
QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS
Completed:

Working Towards:
JAVA Associate Java SE8 programming 1
Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: Java, C#, MYSQL and Ruby on Rails
IDEs: Eclipse and NetBeans
INTERESTS AND HOBBIES

Poojan  has previously enjoyed volunteering, which has allowed him to learn new skills and develop himself as a person.

Poojan have recently going to the gym, which has allowed him to become more focused and relentless on his goals. This has allowed him to push myself every time to work out harder. 

Novus Name:	Poojan Shah	
Role:	Software Engineer	
Availability:	Immediate	
Last Assignment:	Capita Training	

Capita IT Professional Services
17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1JB
Tel +44 (0) 8456 077466 Email mail.at@capita.co.uk   www.capita.co.uk 
A trading name of Capita Business Services Limited
Registered Office: 71 Victoria Street, Westminster, London SW1H 0XA. Registered in England No. 2299747.
Part of the Capita Group. www.capita.co.uk
