         Contact: Andrew Jacob 
andrew.jacob@capita.co.uk / (0) 7557 202 942
Capita Novus

PROFILE SUMMARY	

Raheeb is a confident, outgoing and hardworking individual with a keen interest in IT. Raheeb is eager to apply the practical testing skills that he picked up from university in the real working world. Exposed to various programming languages at university, Raheeb has gained much valued experience in testing systems to ensure that they are ready to be launched to the users. This experience really appealed to Raheeb. It exposed him to skills that he did not know he had prior to this experience, such as problem solving skills, being able to work under pressure, thus why he chose to take this career path. 

Whilst at University Raheeb developed his technical skills by undergoing various projects, one of which was his final year project where he was required to create an E-commerce website for a Client. This project helped him enhance not only his technical skills, but also his communication and presentation skills. 

Raheeb has graduated from Kingston University with a 1st class degree in Information systems. This degree really helped Raheeb to choose his desired career path.

The Novus programme has been very beneficial for Raheeb in developing his professional skills and providing him with the knowledge needed in order to become a successful test analyst. 
PREVIOUS ENGAGEMENTS
Capita Novus 
Test Analyst Trainee 
June 2016 – Present 

Capita’s intensive programme covers both theoretical and practical aspects of Software Testing. As well as engaging with real projects to prove the skills acquired, the programme equips the individual with the skill sets required to be a successful Software Test Analyst.

Your account manager can provide a full course outline if required.

Booker Wholesale
Customer services Assistant 
November 2014– December 2014

Working at booker wholesale has really enhanced my customer experience. Working to ensure that customers have a good experience, I believe that these skills that I have learnt will really help me enhance my career in the long run.





HCPC – (Health Care Professions Council) - IT
Work Experience
December 7th 2016 – December 11th 2016

This one week work experience exposed Raheeb to real life situations in the working world


EDUCATION

Kingston University 
BSc (Hons) Information Systems 1st Class 
2013 – 2016

Modules:
Programming in PHP, HTML, CSS
OO and MVC software design and development
Internet security and data protection 
Software development methods
Advance databases 
How IT works to benefit organisations. 
Final year project: In his final year project Raheebh created an E-Commerce website for a business called MHZHomestay. MHZHomestay supplies accommodation for international students in the UK. They did not have a website and asked him use his skills to develop a website for them.  

QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS
Completed:
ISTQB Foundation certificate
Working Towards:
SQL
Javascript

Technical Skills:
PHP
SQL
HTML
CSS
ORACLE
INTERESTS AND HOBBIES

Raheeb has a keen interest in travelling the globe. He loves to discover and learn about new cultures, he has travelled to many places such as north Africa, the middle east, Asia, Europe. He is a very athletic person and thoroughly enjoys football, tennis and many other sports. Most importantly he loves spending time with his family and friends. 
	
Novus Name:	Raheeb Sherwani	
Role:	Test Analyst	
Availability:	October 2016	
Last Assignment:	Capita Training	

Capita IT Professional Services
17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1JB
Tel +44 (0) 8456 077466 Email mail.at@capita.co.uk   www.capita.co.uk 
A trading name of Capita Business Services Limited
Registered Office: 71 Victoria Street, Westminster, London SW1H 0XA. Registered in England No. 2299747.
Part of the Capita Group. www.capita.co.uk
