         Contact: Andrew Jacob 
andrew.jacob@capita.co.uk / (0) 7557 202 942
Capita Novus

PROFILE SUMMARY	
Marwan is a creative and enthusiastic person who is well motivated. He considers himself very sociable, with strong communication skills and an excellent team player with a diverse range of communicational qualities. 
Marwan has experience as a Software Tester with Cubic and he is looking forward to building on this experience, and the skills he learnt in the Capita Novus academy, in a new and challenging role. 
He is able to use his own initiative to achieve goals and easily adaptable to many work situations. He is very resourceful and able to rapidly pick up new tasks and skills. Having completed the Novus training program with Capita he completed his ISTQB and several in-house certificates. 
PREVIOUS ENGAGEMENTS
Cubic Transportation Systems 
System Test Analyst 
March 2016 - June 2016 

Working for Cubic at their European Headquarters, he was assigned to the back office Contactless card payment project on behalf of their biggest European Client ‘Transport for London’. His daily tasks at Cubic revolved around the consistent use of SQL and Quality Centre, due to the complicated & innovative nature of TFL’s oyster/CPC logic a lot of my time was utilized in adding and removing test logics and plans. 
Following methodologies and adhering to project life cycles 
Performing ITSO related testing and setting up of hardware 
Testing business logic, and ensuring that software conforms to the ITSO specification. 
Raising defects and recording results in HP Quality Centre. 
Troubleshooting ITSO related issues in the field and within the company 
Liaising with stakeholders about current projects. 
Performing Customer Witness Testing and Customer Assurance Events to showcase new software 

Capita Training Programme
Jan 2016 – March 2016 
Trainee Test Analyst
Capita’s intensive program covers both theoretical and practical aspects of testing and assurance. As well as engaging with real projects to prove skills acquired, the program equips the individual with the skill sets required in programming techniques, database management, test planning, strategizing, and scripting and test execution. 

Your account manager can provide the full course outline if required.


Jigsaw Cloud
SAP Application Support (short term contract)
Jan 2016- Feb 2016

Monitoring triage and manage the SAP support queue to ensure SLAs are met in line with client requirement
Completing Success Factors service improvement/Upgrade work
Understanding and following priorities set by the SAP Support Technical Manager
Adhering to agreed team processes and best practices
Brief in-house HR teams on back end interfaces

BAA ‘Heathrow Airport Limited’
Resource Allocator (Weekend) 
December 2010- July 2015
    
A myriad of tasks, such as helping to control access to restricted areas or even operating sophisticated x ray machines. Helping to facilitate the allocation of staff.  Ensuring all positions are manned in accordance with the Department for Transport government regulations. Desired attributes therefore were professionalism, a friendly disposition and an efficient manner of working. It was important to be always ready to react to the situation at hand, always working to high standards and that deal with customers.

Marwan was consistently seconded to participate in various challenging roles:
Resource Allocator
Project Officer
UKBA interpreter (Arabic) 

EDUCATION

Roehampton University, BSc (Hons) 
Cognitive Psychology with Neuroscience
Sept 2011 – July 2014
Key Modules
Neuro science
Research methods 
Social sciences 

Cambridge University
CELTA (Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages) 
Oct 2015- Nov 2015
Modules in teaching methodologies & advanced grammar

William Morris Sixth Form - A Levels                                                                                          
Psychology (B), Sociology (B), Business (B) IT (B)





QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS
Completed:
ISTQB
INTERESTS AND HOBBIES

Avid Traveller
Reader
Ken sportsman



Novus Name:	Marwan Hassama	
Role:	Software Tester	
Availability:	Immediate	
Last Assignment:	Cubic Transportation System	

Capita IT Professional Services
17 Rochester Row, London, SW1P 1JB
Tel +44 (0) 8456 077466 Email mail.at@capita.co.uk   www.capita.co.uk 
A trading name of Capita Business Services Limited
Registered Office: 71 Victoria Street, Westminster, London SW1H 0XA. Registered in England No. 2299747.
Part of the Capita Group. www.capita.co.uk
